ampr.binaries		Binary-only postings.
ampr.binaries.d		Discussion about ampr.binaries postings.
ampr.binaries.mac	Encoded Macintosh binary files.
ampr.books		Discussion of books.
ampr.books.magazines	Discussion of magazines.
ampr.comp.lang.c	Discussion of the C programming language.
ampr.comp.lang.misc	Discussion of computer languages not listed.
ampr.dcom.isdn		Discussion about ISDN, e.g. NTT INSnet-64
ampr.dcom.lan		Discussion of local area networks.
ampr.dcom.modems	Discussion of modems and related software.
ampr.dcom.protocols	Discussion of protocols.
ampr.dcom.radio		Discussion of RF engring related to data comm.
ampr.dcom.tnc		Discussion about TNC.
ampr.dcom.uucp		Discussion of UUCP.
ampr.document		Document postings. 
ampr.document.d		Discussion about ampr.document postings.
ampr.exchange		Online flea market.
ampr.future		Looks at AMPRnet's future.
ampr.general		*Important* and timely announcements.
ampr.graphics		Postings of graphic data.
ampr.graphics.d		Discussion about ampr.graphics postings.
ampr.guide.misc		Miscellaneous guides for beginners.
ampr.guide.terakoya	Guides of Terakoya NetNews system for beginners.
ampr.jokes		Humorous postings.
ampr.junk		Where you can find garbages and treasures.
ampr.lang.english	Discussion of English language.
ampr.lang.japanese	Discussion of Japanese language.
ampr.lang.misc		Discussion of miscellaneous spoken/written languages.
ampr.mail		Discussion of electronic mail issues on AMPRnet-JA.
ampr.medicine		Discussion of medical topics.
ampr.misc		Miscellaneous discussions nowhere else to go.
ampr.news.adm		AMPRnet-JA administrative issues.
ampr.news.config	AMPRnet-JA site configuration changes.
ampr.news.group		Discussion of AMPRnet-JA newsgroups.
ampr.news.lists		Statistical reports of AMPRnet-JA articles.
ampr.news.local		Discussion of local newsgroup transfer on AMPRnet-JA.
ampr.news.map		Maps of AMPRnet-JA topology.
ampr.news.misc		Miscellaneous discussion of AMPRnet-JA operation.
ampr.news.newsite	New site information of AMPRnet-JA.
ampr.news.software.unix	Discussion about UNIX NetNews software.
ampr.org.genesys-p	Issues and announcements from Genny/genny.or.jp.
ampr.org.prug		Issues and announcements from PRUG/prug.or.jp.
ampr.org.prug.policy	Discussion of PRUG goals, PRUGnet policies, etc.
ampr.org.prug.tech	PRUGnet construction tips and issues.
ampr.os.386bsd		Discussion of 386BSD and other variants.
ampr.os.linux		Discussion of Linux.
ampr.os.mach		Discussion of CMU Mach.
ampr.os.minix		Discussion of MINIX.
ampr.os.misc		Discussion of unlisted operating systems.
ampr.os.msdos		Discussion of MS-DOS.
ampr.os.os2			Discussion of OS/2.
ampr.os.unix		Discussion of UNIX.
ampr.plan.emc		Planning talk for EMC'94.
ampr.plan.hamfair	Planning talk for annual Ham Fair events.
ampr.plan.hamfair.yoyaku	Reservation info for Ham Fair events.
ampr.plan.misc		Planning discussion on miscellaneous events.
ampr.plan.partech	Planning discussion on PARTECH meetings.
ampr.pobox		Personal message exchange place for NetNews-only sites
ampr.pobox.d		Discussion about ampr.pobox and its tools.
ampr.questions.misc	Miscellaneous questions.
ampr.questions.tcpip	Questions about TCP/IP.
ampr.radio.antenna	Discussion of radio antennas.
ampr.radio.misc		Miscellaneous discussion on radio techniques.
ampr.radio.rig		Discussion of radio equipments.
ampr.rec.anime		Discussion of (Japanese) animation.
ampr.rec.audio		Discussion of audiophiles.
ampr.rec.autos		Discussion of automobiles and motor vehicles.
ampr.rec.comics		Discussion of comics and related items.
ampr.rec.debate		Discussion of how to talk and fight verbally.
ampr.rec.food		Discussion of foods and eating.
ampr.rec.games		Discussion of games.
ampr.rec.ham.6m		Discussion of ham radio 50MHz (6m) band.
ampr.rec.ham.hf		Discussion of ham radio below 30MHz.
ampr.rec.ham.misc	Miscellaneous discussion on ham radio isssues.
ampr.rec.idol		Discussion of Japanese idol singers/actors/actresses.
ampr.rec.love		Talk on love and relationships.
ampr.rec.movies		Discussion of motion pictures.
ampr.rec.music		Discussion of music.
ampr.rec.music.progressive	Discussion of "progressive rock" music.
ampr.rec.p		It's P, anyway.
ampr.rec.p.hot_springs	P-talk on hot springs.
ampr.rec.photo		Discussion of photography.
ampr.rec.play		Discussion of artistic performances.
ampr.rec.railway	Discussion of railways.
ampr.rec.sf		Discussion of science fiction novels.
ampr.rec.sports		Discussion of general sports.
ampr.rec.sports.baseball	Discussion of baseball.
ampr.rec.sports.ski	Discussion of skiing.
ampr.rec.travel		Discussion of traveling around the world.
ampr.rec.tv		Discussion of TV programs.
ampr.sci.astro		Discussion of astronomy.
ampr.sci.misc		Miscellaneous discussion on scientific issues.
ampr.soc.labor		Talk on labor issues and complaints.
ampr.soc.misc		Talk on miscellaneous social issues.
ampr.software.ka9q	Discussion of KA9Q Internet package and variants.
ampr.software.knews-mac	Discussion of Macintosh Knews package.
ampr.software.misc	Discussion of miscellaneous software.
ampr.software.oimo	Discussion of Oimo mailer.
ampr.software.soroban	Discussion of Soroban NetNews transfer agent.
ampr.software.terakoya	Discussion of Terakoya system software components.
ampr.software.yomikaki	Discussion of Yomikaki NetNews user agent.
ampr.sources		Source code postings.
ampr.sources.d		Discussion of ampr.sources.
ampr.sys.ibmpc		Discussion of IBM PC and compatible computers.
ampr.sys.j3100		Discussion of Toshiba J3100 computers.
ampr.sys.mac		Discussion of Apple Macintosh computers.
ampr.sys.misc		Discussion of miscellaneous computer systems.
ampr.sys.news		Discussion of Sony NEWS workstations.
ampr.sys.next		Discussion of NeXT workstations.
ampr.sys.pc98		Discussion of NEC PC-9801 and compatible computers.
ampr.sys.sun		Discussion of Sun workstations.
ampr.tcpip		Discussion of TCP/IP protocol and related issues.
ampr.test		For testing of NetNews software.
ampr.trouble		Complaints and troubleshootings.
ampr.windows.misc	Discussion of miscellaneous window systems.
ampr.windows.ms		Discussion of Microsoft Windows.
ampr.windows.x		Discussion of X Window systems.
